README.md, before:

# docker-ka-lite

Docker container for KA Lite

"[KA Lite][1] is open-source software that mimics the online experience of [Khan Academy][2] for offline situations. Running KA Lite as a local server, you can watch Khan Academy videos, do Khan exercises, and track student progress -- all without needing an Internet connection!"

## Install dependencies

  - [Docker][3]

To install docker in Ubuntu 18.04 use the commands:

    $ sudo apt-get update
    $ sudo wget -qO- https://get.docker.com/ | sh

 To install docker in other operating systems check [docker online documentation][4]

## Usage

To run container use the command below:

        $ docker run -d -p 8008:8008 quantumobject/docker-ka-lite
        
To update the old container with new version without deleting all learning material(videos,subtitles,etc) you can used --volumes-from options for the new container.

        $ docker run -d --volumes-from old_kalite_container -p 8008:8008 quantumobject/docker-ka-lite
 
Check port and point your browser to http://[ip]:8008/  to initially configure your container.

note: deploy this container behind proxy with SSL for extra security:

https://github.com/jwilder/nginx-proxy

https://github.com/JrCs/docker-letsencrypt-nginx-proxy-companion

## More Info

About  KA Lite[https://learningequality.org/ka-lite/][1]

To help improve this container[quantumobject/docker-ka-lite][5]

For additional info about us and our projects check our site[www.quantumobject.org][6]

[1]:https://learningequality.org/ka-lite/
[2]:https://www.khanacademy.org/
[3]:https://www.docker.com/
[4]:http://docs.docker.com/
[5]:https://github.com/QuantumObject/docker-ka-lite/
[6]:https://www.quantumobject.org/

Commit message:

Notice of replacement and removal

README.md, after:

# docker-ka-lite

Docker container for KA Lite

"KA Lite is no longer under active development
Our focus is now on our new learning platform, Kolibri. If you’re just getting started, we highly recommend using Kolibri instead of KA Lite because it supports more content and will receive regular updates, and more ongoing support."

"[KA Lite][1] is open-source software that mimics the online experience of [Khan Academy][2] for offline situations. Running KA Lite as a local server, you can watch Khan Academy videos, do Khan exercises, and track student progress -- all without needing an Internet connection!"

This container will be permanently remove .. Replacement will be [quantumobject/docker-kolibri][7]   

## Install dependencies

  - [Docker][3]

To install docker in Ubuntu 18.04 use the commands:

    $ sudo apt-get update
    $ sudo wget -qO- https://get.docker.com/ | sh

 To install docker in other operating systems check [docker online documentation][4]

## Usage

To run container use the command below:

        $ docker run -d -p 8008:8008 quantumobject/docker-ka-lite
        
To update the old container with new version without deleting all learning material(videos,subtitles,etc) you can used --volumes-from options for the new container.

        $ docker run -d --volumes-from old_kalite_container -p 8008:8008 quantumobject/docker-ka-lite
 
Check port and point your browser to http://[ip]:8008/  to initially configure your container.

note: deploy this container behind proxy with SSL for extra security:

https://github.com/jwilder/nginx-proxy

https://github.com/JrCs/docker-letsencrypt-nginx-proxy-companion

## More Info

About  KA Lite[https://learningequality.org/ka-lite/][1]

To help improve this container[quantumobject/docker-ka-lite][5]

For additional info about us and our projects check our site[www.quantumobject.org][6]

[1]:https://learningequality.org/ka-lite/
[2]:https://www.khanacademy.org/
[3]:https://www.docker.com/
[4]:https://docs.docker.com/
[5]:https://github.com/QuantumObject/docker-ka-lite/
[6]:https://www.quantumobject.org/
[7]:https://github.com/QuantumObject/docker-kolibri
